Hi!  My name is Doris.  I am always working on projects. I have made Christmas cross
stitch stockings and other cross stitch items.   I have made crocheted giraffes,
dolls, dogs, triceratops, llamas, elephants, witches, baby cocoons, baby blankets
market bags, reindeer, hats and many other things.  I would like to share my
bounty with you.  Browse and see if there is something that you would like to 
purchase.  Thank you for visiting my website!  Doris Jackem









Hello.  I would like to introduce myself to you.
I was born and raised in Ohio.  My mother and grandmother were always making 
things for gifts or their own use.  When I went to the grocery store with my
mother, she would buy a coloring book for me when I was young.  I loved to
color and would complete book after book.  Grandma K. had a blackboard and
when we would visit her, I would take the chalk and make a picture.  One picture
that I really remember was that of a gray goose.  She kept that picture on the
front porch and that is where it remained while she lived in the house.  Years
later, it was gone but was in our memories.  In Home Economics, I was introduced
to the sewing machine and created an apron which looked like Wonder Bread wrapping
with blue, red and yellow dots.  I also moved on to knitting in 7th grade but
always would crochet things more.  Scarves were the most popular and at Christmas
everyone got a new scarf for the Ohio winters which were pretty harse. When I
was attending school, I had very few store bought clothes and my mother made
most of my wardrobe, including my prom dress.  She was quite a seamstress and
I learned much from her. 


Decades later I began to cross stitch.  Started with small squares of fabric
and letters or whatever pattern I could find in my mother's collection of craft
books.  Now I have several cross stitch Christmas stockings which are a 
combination of following very detailed illustrations and instructions.  I also
made the fabric shape of the stocking and used the sewing machine to complete.
I have made presents for teachers and friends over the years.

School gifts were also completed and for Christmas, I made a reindeer which
had candy canes inserted into the body as their antlers.  A picture of the
finished product is included in my website.  

I have numerous afghans for decoration and warmth in the winter.  Baby cocoons
are crocheted to keep small people warm.  The cocoon pattern spoke to me as
a way to keep an infant snuggled and help them feel more secure.  These are 
included in my body of works.

When I was dating my husband-to-be, his father used to say crocheting and
making things were my mental therapy.  He was right!  I was in the nursing
field when I was young and crafts were a way that I could relax.  Nursing is
a position I enjoyed for 42 years working at major hospitals in all areas.
I began my career in Connecticut at Yale-New Haven Hospital and completed it
in North Carolina at University of North Carolina Hospitals in the Post 
Anesthesia Care Unit where I was the Assistant Nurse Manager for 15 years.
I started in ICU's, (Surgical and Neurologic) and moved to the Emergency Room, 
Diagnostic Imaging, Cardiac Catherization Lab, every surgical and medical 
floor including Pediatrics in my career.  When I would come home from a 8 or 12
hour shift, I would pull out my most recent project and work for a few hours
to decompress.

I am a mother of three, 2 sons and 1 daughter.  I have been blessed with 3 
beautiful grandchildren.  Life has been good and I currently enjoy retirement
with my husband of 45 years.

Thank you for looking at my website!  I hope you see something that interests
you.


